Updated master docs with latest changes (#180)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: docs/container-kill.md

- Ensure that the Litmus Chaos Operator is running by executing `kubectl get pods` in operator namespace (typically, `litmus`). If not, install from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/litmuschaos/pages/master/docs/litmus-operator-latest.yaml)
- Ensure that the `container-kill` experiment resource is available in the cluster by executing `kubectl get chaosexperiments` in the desired namespace. If not, install from [here](https://hub.litmuschaos.io/charts/generic/experiments/container-kill)

> - Cluster should have docker runtime, if the chaos_lib is `pumba`. It should have containerd runtime in cluster, if the chaos_lib is `containerd`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the cluster uses docker runtime, chose the chaos_lib `pumba`.If the cluster uses containerd runtime, use chaos_lib `containerd`.
```

## Details

> - Pumba runtime details

Reviewer: Pumba chaoslib details

    - Kills one container in the specified application pod by sending SIGKILL termination signal to its docker socket (hence docker runtime is required)
    - Containers are killed using the `kill` command provided by [pumba](https://github.com/alexei-led/pumba)
    - Pumba is run as a daemonset on all nodes in dry-run mode to begin with the `kill` command is issued during experiment execution via `kubectl exec`

> - Containerd runtime details

Reviewer: Containerd chaoslib details

    - Kills one container in the specified application pod by `crictl-chaos` Lib.
    - Containers are killed using the `crictl stop` command.

>     - containerd-chaos is run as a daemonset on all nodes in dry-run mode to begin with the `kill` command is issued during experiment execution via `crictl stop` 

Reviewer: stop
```suggestion
    - containerd-chaos is run as a daemonset on all nodes in dry-run mode to begin with the `stop` command is issued during experiment execution via `kubectl exec` 
```
